Add `capture_graphql_errors` option to Python HTTP client integrations (#7563)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/configuration/integrations/default-integrations.mdx

- Subprocesses spawned with the `subprocess` module will result in a <PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/">breadcrumb</PlatformLink> being logged.

### Options

You can pass the following keyword arguments to `StdlibIntegration()`:

- `capture_graphql_errors`:

>   If enabled, the SDK will automatically create an error event whenever the response
>   to a request to an endpoint called `/graphql` contains an `errors` array. The
>   error event will contain the request as well as response content if the SDK has
>   been set up with `send_default_pii=True`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If enabled, the SDK will automatically create an error event whenever the response
  to a request to an endpoint called `/graphql` contains an `errors` array. The
  error event will have both the request and the response content if the SDK has
  been set up with `send_default_pii=True` (which is the default). If you don't want to capture client GraphQL errors, set `send_default_pii=False`.
```

>   The default is `True`. Set to `False` to stop capturing client GraphQL errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
```
